Hi. I have a car. I will be leaving for college on Thursday and I won’t be taking the car with me. It will probably be garaged/left in the driveway until I get home in December.

My question is should I leave it with a full tank, or with about 1/4 of a tank? I know nothing about cars and if leaving less/more gas before a long period of no use would be bad for the car.

Hey guys I have this weird problem where my car brakes don't work very well unless I accelerate for a bit. This makes the car feel very slippery not being able to brake immediately and I have had a couple of close calls.

Only happens the first time I use the car each day.

When this happens, I have to press the brakes very hard to get the car to stop (even driving at very low speed). Even so, it is not an immediate stop.

Any ideas? I've tried to explain this to mechanics but they just bleed/test the brakes and say that they cannot see any issue.

Car Air cooled while riding but overheats while idling. I hear what I’m assuming is the fan but it doesn’t sound right at all and I can’t feel any circulation. Is this the result of a bad fan clutch?

I went to look underneath my car today and noticed that the rack and pinion boots were both torn and need to be placed. Looking further, I noticed that inside the boots, the points where the rack and pinion join were rusted. Does this mean the whole rack and pinion should be replaced and should I only worry about the boot. Changing the entire rack and pinion is going to be costly and the car seems to be steering perfectly fine. What should I do?

Hello there. I have a vehicle. I will leave for school on Thursday and I won't take the vehicle with me. It will likely be garaged/left in the carport until I return home in December. 

My inquiry is would it be advisable for me to leave it with a full tank, or with around 1/4 of a tank? I know nothing about vehicles and if leaving less/more gas before an extensive stretch of no utilization would be awful for the vehicle. 

Hello folks I have this abnormal issue where my vehicle brakes don't work very well except if I quicken for a bit. This makes the vehicle feel elusive not having the option to brake promptly and I have had a few narrow escapes. 

Just happens the first occasion when I utilize the vehicle every day. 

At the point when this occurs, I need to press the brakes hard to get the vehicle to stop (notwithstanding driving at low speed). All things being equal, it's anything but a prompt stop. 

Any thoughts? I've attempted to disclose this to mechanics yet they simply drain/test the brakes and state that they can't perceive any issue. 

Vehicle Air cooled while riding yet overheats while lingering. I hear what I'm accepting that is the fan however it doesn't sound appropriate at all and I can't feel any dissemination. Is this the aftereffect of an awful fan grasp? 

I went to look underneath my vehicle today and saw that the rack and pinion boots were both torn and should be set. Looking further, I saw that inside the boots, the focuses where the rack and pinion join were rusted. Does this mean the entire rack and pinion ought to be supplanted and should I just stress over the boot. Changing the whole rack and pinion will be expensive and the vehicle is by all accounts controlling flawlessly fine. What would it be advisable for me to do?

My car is phantom unlocking and half-locking itself. Manually locking it is possible, but a few seconds later it unlocks itself. It hasn’t stopped after 20 min. My car mechanic isn’t available until Sept 10th.