My boss needs 2 cars, and he asked me to find one for multiple people, like a Tigor? and a fancy sedan. Apparently it's for other people.

Except he's extremely rich, and I honestly have no clue what to start with recommending. He wants something that has better value to performance though, not something extremely expensive.

Hello, Which car to choose from New Tata Nexon Petrol or Tata Bolt Diesel. Tata has offered 18K discount + I will be getting 25K Exchange Bonus(as I owned a Figo). How will be the resale value of Nexon vs Bolt? Thanks in Advance

Hi, I am planning to get a new very soon. My budget is between 6 to 6.5 lakhs. My preference is sedan. Please let me know which one should I buy and also I want to know sedan in this budget is right choice or not?

Planning to buy a petrol car under 8 lakhs. Have shortlisted three cars - new Jazz, Etios and Zest. Obviously VFM is what I am looking for.

All three look good in ther own segment. Jazz is trendy, good interiors and the Honda brand. Etios looks clean, well built yet simple. Zest also has nice interiors and exteriors. However, not sure about TATA's etro performance.

Had a test drive of all three cars. Since Etios has 1.5 engine, so it is defnitely more responsive.

Any suggestions since I am confused.

Agreed about the power specs. Regarding service i personally belive that with the launch of Zest and Bolt TATA will definetly provide good services, as TATA has launched the winning products Zest and Bolt they will not like to loose on services.

Have been reading ownership review in the automotive forums (Team BHP and the Automotive India), People are really talking about some exceptional service by Tata. Below is one such comment

Some time back there was news flowing in media where 5 most popular Indian cars failed in NAP crash test: Alto, Nano, i10, Polo, Figo. But the tests also confirmed that air bags in Alto, Nano, i10 will not help safety of passengers where as air bags in Figo and Polo with airbags will provide safety. I fail to understand on the basis of this report why air bags are there in Alto when it does not help on safety? Are buyers not educated enough?

Hello I'm new to this forum. I really love maruti gypsy's. Today I went to see a red maruti gypsy, it was in good cndition and it was with black soft top and a standard engine of 970. What do you guys think about these cars ? Are they good and fun to drive ?

Is it beneficial to buy a car or wait till March 2020. What is it going to be for resale value of used cars ?

My supervisor needs 2 vehicles, and he approached me to discover one for different individuals, similar to a Tigor? what's more, an extravagant vehicle. Evidently it's for other individuals. 

But he's incredibly rich, and I genuinely do not understand what to begin with prescribing. He needs something that has better an incentive to execution however, not something amazingly costly. 

Hi, Which vehicle to browse New Tata Nexon Petrol or Tata Bolt Diesel. Goodbye has offered 18K rebate + I will get 25K Exchange Bonus(as I possessed a Figo). By what method will be the resale estimation of Nexon versus Bolt? Much appreciated in Advance 

Hello, I am intending to get another very soon. My financial limit is between 6 to 6.5 lakhs. My inclination is vehicle. If you don't mind let me know which one would it be advisable for me to purchase and furthermore I need to know vehicle in this spending limit is correct decision or not? 

Wanting to purchase a petroleum vehicle under 8 lakhs. Have shortlisted three vehicles - new Jazz, Etios and Zest. Clearly VFM is the thing that I am searching for. 

Each of the three look great in ther possess fragment. Jazz is stylish, great insides and the Honda brand. Etios looks spotless, all around fabricated at this point straightforward. Pizzazz additionally has decent insides and outsides. Be that as it may, not secure with TATA's etro execution. 

Had a test drive of every one of the three vehicles. Since Etios has 1.5 motor, so it is defnitely increasingly responsive. 

Any recommendations since I am befuddled. 

Concurred about the power specs. As to I for one belive that with the dispatch of Zest and Bolt TATA will definetly give great administrations, as TATA has propelled the triumphant items Zest and Bolt they won't care to free on administrations. 

Have been perusing proprietorship audit in the car gatherings (Team BHP and the Automotive India), People are truly discussing some outstanding administration by Tata. The following is one such remark 

Some time back there was news streaming in media where 5 most prominent Indian vehicles bombed in NAP crash test: Alto, Nano, i10, Polo, Figo. In any case, the tests likewise affirmed that air packs in Alto, Nano, i10 won't help wellbeing of travelers where as air sacks in Figo and Polo with airbags will give security. I neglect to comprehend based on this report why air sacks are there in Alto when it doesn't help on security? Are purchasers not taught enough? 

Hi I'm new to this discussion. I truly love maruti gypsy's. Today I went to see a red maruti tramp, it was in great cndition and it was with dark delicate top and a standard motor of 970. What do you all think about these vehicles ? Are they great and enjoyable to drive ? 

Is it valuable to purchase a vehicle or hold up till March 2020. What is it going to be for resale estimation of trade-in vehicles ?

I prefer to drive 4 wheel not sure if it consumes a lot of gas.

Is it advisible to use 'heat' liquid before filling petrol in the winters.

I like small cars but the bottom level should be high so the stones on the roads could not hit the muffler.

I believe installing a back view camera is an A plus.

I don't think installing balloons is safer for the driver because at the time of an accident one can't see anything so some other idea should be floated on the floor by an auto engineers.

Front windshield should be able to protect the glair.

High beam front light should be operated only in case of emergencies not always.

Now at the time of purchasing the car I will most certainly check the seats level. Few seats are made uneven which creates a back ach at the time of long driving. Mileage, the design of sideview mirror, space inside and in the back trunk will be a priority.

Just curious to know will there be a 4wd for TATA HARRIER?

As of now, the Harrier does not have a 4x4 variant. As per company policy, we cannot comment on our future product strategies

When you are planning to launch tata altroz?

Is there any chance that this will be out in the market during Diwali time?

Thank you for your interest in the #UrbanCarRedefined. Stay tuned to our website: https://rebrand.ly/Altroz and social media handles for more information about the Altroz

Intending to buy a family visiting vehicle: Audi A6 3.0 Quattro 2004 Audi A4 2.O T 2005 

Searching for counsel in purchasing another vehicle for father's birthday 

3 Features to Look for When Buying Your Teen Their First Car 

Vehicle purchasing tips 

Hoping to purchase a venture vehicle 

Will I purchase the Chevy Malibu? 

Purchasing out rent; would it be a good idea for me to purchase a service agreement? 

Considering purchasing a 03 ZR2 Tracker. What do you all think? 

"Purchasing a Weekend Car - R8, GT-R, or C63 AMG?" 

purchase utilized vehicle 

Proposals for least cost truck 

Counsel on a task Truck 

Purchase a vehicle 

"Where are the best places to discover vehicles (of any sort), on the web and face to face?"