My vehicle stalled would you be able to help 
Indeed please reveal to me your vehicle number 
It is this number for the road side engineer
Alright sir I'm reaching you to the closest associate 
Hi sir I'm your roadside engineer 
Where are you found? 
I'm situated at someone or other 
I was driving and my motor ceased 
I don't have the foggiest idea why 
This isn't normal my car stopped
I needed to go far but my car broke down
I'm sorry sir I'll be coming soon to help 
My vehicle quit working 
The truck slowed down 
Truck won't begin 
Vehicle won't run
My car broke down can you help
Yes please tell me your car number
It is this number to contact road side engineer
Okay sir I'm contacting you to the nearest assistant
Hello sir I'm your roadside engineer
Where are you located?
I'm located at so and so
I was driving and my engine stopped
I don't know why my car broke down
This is not expected my car is not working
I wanted to go far but my car stopped
I'm sorry sir I'll be coming soon to help
My car stopped working
The truck stalled
Truck won't start
Car won't run
No fuel send a mechanic
No gas my car will not run
Engine overheated and stalled
Truck has broken down
hello car company my car stopped?
i need help please send a mechanic
car fuel is over can you help me?
car tyre punctured need to replace the the tyre?
i called call centre no one picking up
am in the middle of the road i need urgent help
am at a crowded place am in trouble send a mechanic
when is it towing coming?
send me cat towing co. contact number?
looks like battery is down?
seems to me engine not starting?
looks like engine over heated? car is not running
three is smoke coming
am 50 km away from my place please send engineer
i can send you gps location
can you send assistant to replace the battery?
my car met with an accident 
i need towing help send a mechanic
how much it will cost for towing help
i have road side assistance insurance
do i need to pay for road side assistance
i don’t have call centre number
let me check if it is on the car somewhere
my family is worried, it is night now
will i get a car to reach home?
i lost my car key
i need car key replacement
hi vehicle organization my vehicle halted? 
I need assistance 
vehicle fuel is finished, would you be able to support me? 
vehicle tire punctured, need to supplant the tire? 
I called consider focus nobody getting 
am in the street I need pressing assistance 
am at a packed spot, am in a tough situation 
when is it towing coming? 
send me car towing company contact number? 
it would appear that battery is down? 
appears to me motor not turning over? 
it would appear that motor over warmed? 
three is smoke coming 
am 50 km away from my place 
I can send you gps area 
would you be able to send right hand to supplant the battery? 
my vehicle met with a mishap 
I need towing help 
the amount it will cost for towing help
I have street side help protection 
do I have to pay for street side help 
I don't have call focus number 
allow me to check on the off chance that it is on the vehicle some place 
my family is stressed, it is night now 
will I get a vehicle to arrive at home? 
I lost my vehicle key 
I need vehicle key substitution
We need to call the engineer as my car has broken down
I'm trying to start my car but the battery is down
The petrol in the car tank is low
The car tyres are punctured
The engine of my car is heated up
Im trying to start my car but the battery is down
My car AC is not cooling
The car temperature meter is indicating a high
It is raining but my wipers are not working hence poor visibility
I called the car services but i cant get through
I need someone to kickstart my car
I met with an accident i need to tow my car
The towing car will be here to tow my car shortly
Im stuck in the traffic and my car has suddenly broken down
Im on the highway and can see some smoke coming out of the bonnet.
The brakes of my car has failed all of a sudden.
I am driving on the road and when i am accelerating my car is not picking up speed.
My car has stalled in the middle of the road please send help
My car is locked and I cannot get in please send a mechanic